Text addtions and fiddle (#728)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/content/get-started/get-playing.md

**For more of a challenge, let’s now invite 200 enemies you can fight it out against!**

> These enemies will be simulated players; they are `UnityClient` client-worker instances running in the cloud, mimicking real players of your game from a behavior and load perspective. Their behavior is currently quite simple, but you could extended them to include additional gameplay features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These enemies are simulated players; they are `UnityClient` client-worker instances running in the cloud, mimicking real players of your game from a behavior and load perspective. Their behavior is currently quite simple, but you could extend them to include additional gameplay features.
```

> In fact, as far as SpatialOS is concerned, these simulated players are indistinguishable from real players; both simulated players and real players are just `UnityClient` client-worker instances to SpatialOS, so this is a good approach for regular scale testing.

Reviewer 2: They are `UnityClient`s in the sense that they report their worker type as that. It is absolutely not the exact same binary.

> In fact, as far as SpatialOS is concerned, these simulated players are indistinguishable from real players; both simulated players and real players are just `UnityClient` client-worker instances to SpatialOS, so this is a good approach for regular scale testing.

Author: Thanks, so the statement is true because it says "to SpatialOS" and "as far as SpatialOS is concerned".

> In fact, as far as SpatialOS is concerned, these simulated players are indistinguishable from real players; both simulated players and real players are just `UnityClient` client-worker instances to SpatialOS, so this is a good approach for regular scale testing.

Reviewer 2: This is why I dislike the phrase `worker instance` though. As its ambiguous whether it refers to an instance of the binary of an instance of a connection to the Runtime of that worker type.
